hi everybody Robert Dyer and welcome
welcome to the Robert Dyer channel where
I was going through the drive-thru
tonight at Wendy's and holy smokers
they've got a brand new burger the
steakhouse jr. cheeseburger let's get
this out of the wrapper and see what the
Steakhouse burger is all about quiet on
the set Bob we're here on the set of 23
Jump Street in Hollywood ready to film
the B stakeout scene no steakhouse
stakeout
tarnation Bob you know I take this
acting thing seriously I'm a graduate of
the Patrick Swayze
acting Institute in Hollywood California
I received my diploma from P sway
himself in an official ceremony in
television City later that night I was
taking my usual evening jog on the
freeway when I was suddenly cut off by a
stretch limousine the rear passenger
window lowered itself down and I found
myself face to face with the Hollywood
legend Merv Griffin Merv said I've made
a startling discovery Kato Kaelin Brad
Pitt
axl rose and kurt cobain are all the
same person have you ever seen any two
of them in the same room together get in
the dining car so here it is out of the
wrapper you can see it's a junior size
and the lettuce they're a nice-looking
bun let's look inside and you can see
there's one red onion ring there's two
little tomato slices the garlic aioli
sauce the green lettuce American cheese
and of course ground here we have the
main attraction which is the 100% beef
patty so overall a nice presentation
gives a gene your size if there's the
Steakhouse seasoning on the bottom of
the bun
nicer room on this is the combination of
a classic American cheeseburger aroma
combined with that steak seasoning a
little bit like the Montreal steak
seasoning let's go ahead and see how it
tastes
very good beef flavor as you would
expect from Wendy's the steak seasoning
actually has a little bit of heat to it
this a little peppercorns or whatever
you call those little things like seeds
that actually will have some heat if he
bite him
overall the ingredients were fresh on
here the beef is outstanding it's a
five-star hamburger in there the sauce
on top has a nice salad dressing element
along with the garlic that went very
well along with the steak seasoning it's
a junior cheeseburger but still a little
on the small side the total price for
this was a dollar ninety-nine for the
cheeseburger
I got a $2 29 cent original root beer
foot which is very good and that came to
a total of four dollars and 54 cents
with 26 cents going to the Montgomery
County Council in their tax on top so
overall it's a fairly good deal I think
it's got great flavor it's very high
quality for a sort of a dollar menu type
of product having said that I think the
price could possibly come down a little
bit to a dollar ninety-nine maybe a
dollar
29:39 given the size but they're
certainly not cutting corners on quality
here so so I'm going to say four stars
five star flavor four stars for perhaps
getting a little bit bigger size or a
little bit lower price so I hope you
liked this video share it with your
friends please subscribe and I'll see
you next time
bye everybody